Update README.md (#1)
julien51/token-gated-commits-example: README.md

# token-gated-commits-example

> This is an repo for which PRs are only merged if there is a signed message in them!

Author: ```suggestion
This is an repo for which pull requests are only merged if there is a signed message in them!
```

> This is an repo for which pull requests are only merged if there is a signed message in them!

Author: ```suggestion
This is an repo for which pull requests are only merged if there is a signed message in them.
```
